The team who developed the Lipid Mining and Ontology (Lipid Mini-On) tool is focused on mass spectrometry-based multi-omics analysis including proteomics lipidomics and metabolomics. We have developed this tool to enable researchers to explore lipidomics datasets in an automated fashion. The tool relies on an R package (Rodin) and was developed as a Graphic User Interface developed with Shiny (Lipid-Mini-On).

 

Geremy Clair is a biochemist, bioinformatician and specialist in omics data analysis with a focus on Host-pathogen interaction and Lung biology. He developed multiple R pipelines to make sense of omics dataset, he is the developer of the R package (Rodin) that is the backbone of Lipid-Mini-On.

Jennifer Kyle is a lipidomics scientist in the Biological Sciences Division and Metabolomics group at PNNL with a focus on human health and environmental systems. Jennifer manages the lipidomics platform at PNNL and integrates multi-omics data for a systems biology understanding and characterization.  

Sarah Reehl and Kelly Stratton, who developed the Shiny user interface, are part of the Applied Statistics and Computational Modeling group at PNNL. Sarah is a data scientist and machine learning researcher with an applied mathematics and biology background, promoting interactive data analysis and reproducible research. Kelly is a biostatistician specializing in the statistical analysis of omics data in the fields of medicine, health, and national security, with expertise in R programming and package development.

Matthew Monroe is a staff scientist in the Integrative Omics group, developing algorithms and software for custom and automated analysis of proteomics and bioinformatics data, including managing, summarizing, and mining the large volumes of data generated by mass spectrometry- based proteomic, metabolomics and lipidomics analyses.

Malak Tfaily is an analytical scientist at University of Arizona who specializes in environmental organic matter characterization with a focus on soil systems and microbial metabolic cycles. 

Charles Ansong is senior scientist and group lead of the biostructure and function group in the Biological Sciences Division at PNNL, he works on multiomics analyses in particular in the biomedical field.
